V7.2 documentation (#5819)
mattermost/docs: source/install/config-ssl-http2-nginx.rst

.. code-block:: none

  Requesting a certificate for yourdomain.com
  Performing the following challenges:
  http-01 challenge for yourdomain.com
  Waiting for verification...
  Challenge failed for domain yourdomain.com
  http-01 challenge for yourdomain.com
  Cleaning up challenges
  Some challenges have failed.
   

> If you see the above errors this is typically because certbot was not able to access port 80. This can be due to a firewall or other DNS configuration. Ensure that your A/AAAA records are pointing to this server and your ``server_name`` within the NGINX config does not have a redirect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see the above errors this is typically because Certbot was not able to access port 80. This can be due to a firewall or other DNS configuration. Make sure that your A/AAAA records are pointing to this server and your ``server_name`` within the NGINX config doesn't have a redirect.
```
